1. In a world writable directory, an attacker would be able to create new files in the directory, as well as delete existing ones, whereas a world writable file would allow for the attacker to read and modify that files contents, which makes the directory in this case much more dangerous for various reasons, which stem from the fact that the directories such as uploads contain multiple important files, which now gives an attacker more control over more information, as well as the ability to create malicious files that could debilitate the entire system or wherever these upload files are supposed to be getting uploaded to. 

2. We use both -perm -002 and -perm /111 because those 2 different syntaxes are used for different kinds of searches. In the case of -perm -002, we are looking for anything that is at least world-writable, while in the case of -find perm/111, we are looking for anything that has any execute bit. We use different kinds of searches like these to find different kinds of files and directories depending on what we are trying to accomplish.

3. Upon finding 50 world-writable files, the first step to take would be to immediately remove the world-write bit from those files, then restore least-privilege permissions that match their purpose. The next step would be to verify the ownerships of these files, and then review logs and contents for signs of compromise.

4. Using find…| while read will not work for counting like done < <(find…) because find…| while read will run the loop into a subshell, thus anything modified inside the loop will disappear when the loop ends.

5. In order to run this script every day at 2:00 A.M. and email the results to a security team, you would need to edit a crontab by entering the command crontab -e. From there you have to fill out the time slots as 0 2 * * * , and add the directory /home/user/cus1163-lab10/security_scanner.sh. With this, the script is set to run at 2:00 A.M. every day. Now, in that same line used to automate the running of the script, which currently looks like this: 0 2 * * *  /home/user/cus1163-lab10/security_scanner.sh. At the end of the line, add 2>&1 to ensure that all output is sent in the email, and after that, add: … | mail -s “Results” emailaddress. This last line will email the results to the security team. So, to make sure this script runs at 2:00 A.M. every day and its results are sent to a security team, edit a crontab and add:
0 2 * * * /home/user/cus1163-lab10/security_scanner.sh 2>&1 | mail -s “Results” emailaddress.
